what is up my subscribers Scoob with you
here and I'm not gonna call this a
tutorial or anything but this is rather
important to you video makers and what I
wanted to show you is fonts the
Minecraft fonts and this is your default
minecraft font right and all I did was
throw a little shadow on it little bevel
and emboss and a texture stroke and a
color now you know it is a Minecraft
font but this is with probably something
I'd use as a subtitle or description or
something now what I want to show you is
this font right here look at that look
at that eh
oh my god it's creeper face eh I've been
looking for that for so long and the
name of it is called let me just see
logo craft now using the exact same
effects I couldn't with a simple Google
search I was unable to no I don't want
to discard this can't cancel no no
anyway with a simple search I was not
able to find the logo craft font and oh
no sorry sir just logo craft before you
put local craft font you find it this is
where it is and this was so hard to find
it really was and I want to show you
right here that's the download I do
there is a forum post for it but I
cannot find it for you which is kind of
unfortunate but I will leave a link to
the download or to the to the page
either or and minecraft I can't find one
that's that'll show pictures but you did
see the letters so I just wanted to let
you know there is an alternative to just
a default minecraft attack
and it does look cooler I mean it does
have the creeper face it's like the text
from the title screen so that'll be
there in the description that'll be
there for you to download if you want to
use it and that's everything you just
kind of a pointless video but I just
wanted to share with you that I just
found it not that long ago and I really
do like it I think it's worth worth
downloading so that's everything scoop
on the trees out